PP-37 (Sarghoda-X) is a Constituency of Provincial Assembly of Punjab.[1]  Punjab, Pakistan Election commission Pakistan's official website Awazoday.com check result Official Website of Government of Punjab
  Meridarchis unitacta is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Madagascar.[1]  This species has a wingspan of 19mm. Characteristic by long, narrow wings, black irrorated markings appearing greyish except for a jet-black dot below the end of the posterior side of costal triangle.[2]  Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog  
Kierpajny Wielkie [kʲɛrˈpai̯nɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Körpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1]  Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).    Coordinates: 54°12′15″N 20°02′32″E﻿ / ﻿54.20417°N 20.04222°E﻿ / 54.20417; 20.04222 
Kikayon (קִיקָיוֹן) is the Hebrew name of a plant mentioned in the Biblical Book of Jonah.  The first use of the term kikayon is in the biblical book of Jonah, Chapter 4. In the quote below, from the Jewish Publication Society translation of 1917, the English word 'gourd' occurs where the Hebrew has kikayon.  6 And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his evil. So Jonah was exceeding glad because of the gourd. 7 But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd, that it withered. 8 And it came to pass, when the sun arose, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and requested for himself that he might die, and said: ‘It is better for me to die than to live.’ 9 And God said to Jonah: ‘Art thou greatly angry for the gourd?’ And he said: ‘I am greatly angry, even unto death.’ 10 And the LORD said: ‘Thou hast had pity on the gourd, for which thou hast not laboured, neither madest it grow, which came up in a night, and perished in a night; 11 and should not I have pity on Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more than sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand, and also much cattle?’   --Jonah 4:6-11 The word kikayon is only referenced in the book of Jonah and there is some question as to what kind of plant it is. Some hypotheses include a gourd and a castor oil plant. The current Hebrew usage of the word refers to the castor oil plant.[citation needed]  A well-known argument between Jerome and Augustine concerned whether to translate kikayon as "gourd" or "ivy", although Jerome indicates that in fact the plant is neither: 
Kirzner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:  Israel Kirzner (born 1930), American economist Julian Kirzner (born 1976), Australian rules footballer Adrián Kirzner Schwartz (born 1968), Argentine actor and media producer better known as Adrián Suar
Eve Elizabeth Slater (born March 16, 1945) is an American physician who served as the United States Assistant Secretary for Health and Human Services under President George W. Bush from 2002 to 2003. Slater attended Vassar College and the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. In 1976, she was appointed the Chief Resident in Medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital.[1] 
James Hughes (May 12, 1906 in Webbwood, Ontario – January 4, 1983) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 40 games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings.  James Hughes career statistics at The Internet Hockey Database  
Three Lederhosen in St. Tropez (German: Drei Lederhosen in St. Tropez) is a 1980 West German sex comedy film directed by Franz Marischka and starring Peter Steiner, Fred Stillkrauth and Mario Pollak.[1]  Peter Steiner as Peter Eichel Fred Stillkrauth as Korbinian Zangerl Mario Pollak as Paloma Eleonore Melzer as Marta Eichel Franz Muxeneder as Huber-Bauer Alexandra Beau as Evi Hermann Giefer as Vitus Ursula Buchfellner as Carla Sibylle Rauch as Blondine Rolf Eden as Papilein Peter Steiner Jr. as Briefträger Jacques Herlin as Französischer Polizeichef Rosl Mayr as Alte Millionärin Bob Lockwood as Transvestit Karlchen Toni Netzle as Frau Klein Christiane Blumhoff as Journalistin Loisl Wille as Französischer Polizist Felix Paul as Musikant Marshall Reynor as Musikant Egon Keresztes as Französischer Polizist Fritz Wallenwein as Französischer Polizist Sascha Atzenbeck as Liebespaar am Strand Alon D'Armand as Hotelmanager Franz Marischka as Chef des Autohauses Margit Ojetz as Liebespaar am Strand Claus Sasse as Autoverkäufer Herminghouse, Patricia; Mueller, Magda, eds. (1997). Gender and Germanness: Cultural Productions of Nation. Berghahn Books. ISBN 978-1-57181-112-7. Three Lederhosen in St. Tropez on IMDb
"Weißt du wohin wir gehen" (English: "Do You Know Where We Go") is a song by Austrian recording artist Christina Stürmer. It was written by Robert Pfluger and Alexander Kahr for her second studio album, Soll das wirklich alles sein? (2004), while production was helmed by the latter. The song was released by Polydor Records as the album's third single in Austria, where it reached number eight on the Austrian Singles Chart.  Official website  
Jussy is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France. The inhabitants are called Jussiens.  Communes of the Yonne department INSEE    